telec is working on a new edition of
ghdo that could premiere in january alex
caniga and gustavo are out of the
playoffs ana maria aldon has a heated
argument with amor romeira over
gem aldon's hly fan gabriel guillen tells
exclusively about his bad experience
converting of borne and why
the famous actor has parted ways with him
jordi sánchez tells how he lived through the
worst moment of his life isap's birthday
makes us remember one of the worst
congratulations he ever received to
give molin gives a lesson as a mother to
many unfortunate people belen esteban
throws a tantrum against mediaset at the
presentation of save yourself who can
alejandra rubeo is heavily criticized for
working at a party and the
next tele5 project is confirmed which will act as
salvame delux all this and much
more on telesalseo on your favorite
gossip channel what's up my gentlemen
back i hope you are having a
spectacular week you know that this
is la piruleta it is a section that i have
on my channel where i go  reporting on
all the news of the day,
social chronicle, heart and TV news
tonight we have a live broadcast okay we have to
resume the live broadcast that we had to
cut on Monday tonight if I'm not
mistaken Carmen will return Elena will return
Alanne will return and Enrique will return and
we will cover all the issues that we
left pending with you we have
an appointment like every day at 99:30 don't
miss it because it's going to be quite
interesting in fact I think I'm also
going to invite Trium to come on for
the second half of the live broadcast and I'll be
with him commenting on the latest news
regarding the Daniel Sancho case don't
miss it well family as I said okay
the lollipop I try to publish it every
day the schedule doesn't always work out the
way I would like
it to be uploaded at noon but anyway
sometimes it's uploaded in the afternoon
we do what we can we do what's
in our hands but you always have
news here all day long so
subscribe by activating the bell
Give me a like so that YouTube
recommends everything I upload let's get to
it
tele5 is working on a new  edition of gh
Duo that is supposed to premiere in
January you already know that this format Well it went
quite well only
one edition has aired this would be the
second the previous one in 2019 had
María Jesús Ruiz as the winner and well
the truth is that it did not work badly
Kiko Rivera was there Irene it was talked about a lot on social
networks I honestly did not expect it
because I thought that Big Brother
was not giving the results that they
expected sincerely I see it very complicated
for Big Brother to return to what it was
without Mercedes Mila but apparently the
audiences they are getting are
acceptable okay it started weak but
apparently they have been going up as
the week has gone by Yesterday I was
asking the audience because I do not
follow it and you were telling me in
the chat that they are getting a 12 a 13
so well it is not that it is but well
acceptable it is supposed that they are already
working on preparing it and
the possibilities of the casting are being considered
and that they would have idea of ​​​​premiering it in
January we will see if it happens or not
Because also more or less  that date
tele5 usually prepares survivor Alex
caniga has been cut Because
both he and Gustavo were counting on the fact that
now for the playoff they could count on
them to re-enter the house and and
and you know what's coming people mandi is
with the people the people are with
mandi you know the playoff is coming the
judge let's see if I mandi a
playoff To return to the Big
Brother house with all the people goes the truth is
that tele5 has already officially communicated
that no that neither he nor Gustavo can
participate in the playoff that they cannot
opt ​​to return to the Big
Brother house for the reasons why they
have been kicked out besides we are talking about the fact
that they have been kicked out right now or
rather nothing as who says it's a
shame I know that many of the people who
followed Big Brother are
very annoyed because the truth is that Alex was
the favorite of most people if he
had continued inside the house he
would have won Ana María aldón has
hooked up with amor romeira because of some
opinions that amor romeira has had
about the treatment that Ana María has had
find out about gem ald's new profession or
new project
a mother's feelings are not faked there
is nothing above the
feelings of I am not
questioning your feelings as a
mother what you did is expose how there
are categories in different
jobs We have already communicated on
this channel on several occasions and
talking about the subject that gald has now
opened a profile on only fam where he
sells erotic photographs that
platform is for people to pay you
for erotic pornographic
sensual photographs at least okay it is a
platform in which you if you want you
can your followers pay you for a
monthly subscription and you can upload whatever
you want exclusive content for
your followers You do not have to upload
pornography you if you want you can [ __ ] and you
can upload your drawings your works of
art or whatever you want but what
is true is that the platform is
generally used for photographs and
videos at least sensual okay the most
normal thing is to find very
explicit pornography very explicit photos but
well each one with their followers
to what extent they upload I do not know the type of photo
that galdon is uploading I have seen a
couple of them that are  in underwear
that she has published on her account to
promote the olifan And well, Ana
María Aldón says that her daughter
is prepared, that she fought so that
her daughter could prepare herself. What I said was
that if my daughter was happy doing that, she should be happy.
I want to
see my daughter happy whatever she does, that's what I
said and that if she wanted to do
that, she should be happy, nothing more. And what a
man that if her daughter wants to do
this, Well, that she respects her and supports her,
but as a mother she would have
preferred that the girl dedicated herself to
one of the professions for which she
has prepared herself. I would have liked her to
be a doctor, lawyer, or
television presenter. Well, what's happening is that I can't like that
my daughter is a lawyer, as it
was, amor romeira, well, she says that she
is very angry and very upset with
this opinion of Ana María because all
professions are and that there are no
steps, this is better, this is worse, or
you are more honorable or less honorable and I
support Aiga, it always seems perfect and I
have defended her. Def  I understand that now you
attack the daughter and the mother and
now what do you think that I have to
think like you think? No, it's not about us
all thinking the same, it's about
respect. I don't totally
agree with you. Look, I don't totally
agree with love. I understand that I understand
what she says and of course everyone can
do what they want with their body, it's someone
else's body, and if you like
doing it and you're happy doing it and you
're happy. Apart from that, it gives you a lot of money,
but apart from that, you're happy because you
like doing it because you like to
show off your body because you like
everyone to see it. Well, very well,
for Adante, you're not hurting
anyone, but I understand that any
father prefers that his son
have one of the professions for which he has
prepared himself by studying the subject of
erotic videos,
pornographic videos and such. Okay, I mean, I
respect you and I support you in whatever you want,
but honestly, I know
your privacy, in the end, it's going to be sold
to everyone, that's
everyone's decision, okay, but I understand that, man, I do
n't know the  The truth is very subjective tell me
what you think And everything that has
happened I am happy because I
now have an even stronger relationship with
my daughter and closer with much Gabriel
Guillén has sat down again on the
son solle program and has given
exclusively some details of how
things are with Bertin of borner
first of all she complains and a lot that Bertin
Well according to her he would not be
behaving and he would not be acting he would not
be up to the standard of how
a person who is expecting a child should be
the thing was like that he at all times
wanted to take charge of helping me it
was his decision obviously it is his
right it has been the payments that he has
made to pay my rent and
expenses It was nothing more than October
September I decided not to receive more
help from him it was me who decided according to
Gabriel Aguillen Well everything It is not the
money and there are more things that cannot be
bought with the money that he lacks in
his support of Bertin towards her More than
anything because I believe that there are more
important things than money he is not
pending okay he is not asking me
how I am How is the pregnancy and I think
not  it's not fair no because you want to
pay your conscience if you are a father be
there the model assures that in this
pregnancy she feels alone For me that
is much more valuable than wanting to
help, I mean, I feel alone
Gabriela Guillén assures that she had
an agreement with Bertín of borne for this
issue of the transfers, the
financial aid that Bertín was providing her with,
the support and that Bertín broke this
agreement because eh some
photographs of her came out of I don't know what to
which García Pelayo says no way that is
not the case that the reason why they
stopped making the transfers
was because Bertín wanted to do it as an
official they wanted to sign a document at
the notary and she refused she did not want to
do it legally gavi but it can't
be what Paloma commented on I
think I would put some conditions on you,
sign an agreement that had several
clauses for those payments and if you signed
the agreement by both parties those payments
would be regularized and you committed to a
series of things and that you did not want to
commit yourself maybe
confidentiality there is none of that
because in fact  I spoke with my lawyer
if this is going to continue these payments are going to
continue yes Endo monthly I am self-employed
and I have to prove income I
told my lawyer that we spoke with his
agency to legalize it I say
how can I declare this is the
income I say as family support But
in the end I am a bit rude and when I get
angry I said Look I don't want I don't
want anything absolutely nothing from you if it
's not attention if not are you not waiting
for the ultrasound that I send you or I am
looking forward to knowing in the comments box
what you guys think about these
statements there are some things that I
have my doubt Jordi Sánchez the very
famous actor of La que se avecina a
super loved actor the one from marisco
surely everyone knows him
recently went through one of the worst
moments of his life and he found himself
20 days in a coma this week
a podcast has been published on nude project on
YouTube in which there are some kids who are
very nice and they do interviews Very beautiful
an interview that they did with him a
podcast that they did with him in which he
opens up with his heart and
tells how it was  your experience
very hard to fall asleep completely for 23
days to put your lungs to sleep they put you on
ventilation that puts your lungs to sleep so you
can work then they
wake you up but you wake up as if
you were 35 years older because I couldn't
walk I couldn't do anything I couldn't eat I wouldn't
pick up the tablet to watch a movie it weighed on me
as if it were a table and and with
many hallucinations brutal lotions
during all that time I don't know if it was when I
woke up or was it in the period when
you're half awake or or I have a whole
movie there for example I
woke up I thought my son had died
eh I remembered the whole burial all the
funeral everything everything everything everything and then
when they told me he was alive of course
I started to cry that he's alive don't
[ __ ] with me I don't know how good it was a chicken there
in the hospital you [ __ ] But I
had seen him the day before through a like
with a Skype but I was so high that
I spent the whole night
thinking damn if he was alive I
could have told him this and this and this and the
other thing and what a shame that he
died and such  I had a terrible time and then I
had to move the body a movie that
shits and I spent two days
thinking about that until my partner told me
what are you saying what are you saying that he's
dead no way so of course I got
excited when they told me No and like
that like those many many Today is
Isa p's birthday and there are many people on
social networks who are viralizing this
screenshot that belongs to an
old greeting very unfortunate
that Kiko Rivera made to his sister at
another time you don't know what
the word family means nor have you wanted to
understand it even so you were always my
right eye we don't talk to each other and I don't think you will
since you have failed me in the
deepest part of my heart but like
every year I have to congratulate you on
your birthday even if it's through here and I
don't feel like talking to you in the
slightest it's the least I can do
have a happy day Isa anoja m the
truth is that for them to congratulate you like that
eh it's better that you don't wear anything Kiko I
understand that the intention is very good and
Fabulous but keep it to yourself This  I have
to put the video here on the
news because I loved it
so much I also shared it on my
Twitter account then people scold me
because I like Dara and ask me
why but the thing is that this video is
priceless or rather word for
word it is worth applauding her and I wish everyone
thought the same as her I leave you
with the video okay this is to put you a
little in context well in terms of that
well Adara does not show her son on social media she does
very well just like me okay she does not
show him but maybe well you can
see him from behind or whatever or it is a
story not that you can see him that you can't
see his face basically and apparently
in some Instagram stories that
I did not see because I could not
recover them well You could see that The
boy had his nails painted the
things of the boys that well the
painted nails nowadays we paint them
even the men I have
never painted it because the truth is I do not I do not like it has not
caught my attention nor have I
tried it but I think I do not like it I do not
know everything depends on  how it becomes
fashionable The thing is not and that you get used to
seeing it but well The Movida that the
kids well are kids no and in the
end Who hasn't taken as a child and
has taken a stroller or suddenly has
taken a doll or suddenly the children
are children and there were people who were
criticizing him or were messing with her
or with the child because he had his nails
painted pay attention to Adara's response and
get it into your heads the subject of
my son's nails How is it still there Burning I
mean eh if it bothers you that my son has his
nails painted take a
real look at it Do some introspection to
yourself eh Why is he going to continue
painting them he likes it to me It doesn't matter
exactly and nothing my laros
really your way of thinking your
complexes your fears above all and
nothing if you don't like it then don't look at it the
end my son is eh free to choose if he
paints his nails yes he paints them
Simply because he likes it eh he is free
to choose the clothes he wears If he
wants to wear it  skirt pants he decides
eh If he wants to dress in pink black
red he can choose to play with
Barbies with motorcycles with whatever the
hell he wants eh When he grows up he will
also choose what he wants to be in life with
total freedom
he will choose what people he likes and above
all I want a free person who
is happy It's just that And the thing is that
there is no more things are very
simple you know what happens is that as soon as you
see that a boy likes the colors
pink or girly things there are many
people who are afraid that he
could become gay or whatever and that he
likes pink whatever toys he
likes there is no more maybe
tomorrow he is not gay Or is he And
if he is What happens What does it matter what does it matter
if it's just that they are simply tastes I mean they do
n't hurt anyone I have said
girly things so that you understand me
in quotes but come on I think that there are
neither boy things nor girl things
there is what you like and what you
really want to wear That's it I'm not
going to continue with this subject because it
really is not important and  It
seems absurd I mean not absurd I mean
for me it's normalized but for
other people it's not normalized well I
see it a bit like an obligation anyway
I think that in regards to this video well
nothing more to add because everything has been left
clear the
presentation of every man for himself has taken place you
know that this Friday the
long awaited documentary that
some of the most important collaborators of
sálvame have recorded with Netflix in America is released
depending on the result it
's quite likely that
either a second part will be made or even a
mediator salvam again but live
on Netflix Belén Esteban has been
dropping barbs And you take out for Mediaset in
this presentation Like for example the
way in which Mediaset is going to profit
from this documentary Well look honey if I
don't tell you I'll explode Elo who is going to
earn half a year from Netflix for what
[Applause]
I think that
this comment that you just
heard is due to the fact that Mediaset at the
moment still has 30% of the
television factory they own
30% of the shares has also had
For  distribute against Ana Rosa Quintana
the last r colleagues was that I
asked you about Jorge If you would see him but I
wanted to ask you if in a hypothetical
second season would
Ana Rosa also take you on a
trip because we are
bad, with all due respect, if I
love her, I have respect for her, Rosana can't
come because she's very busy in the
afternoon but I wanted to say something and
forgive me for jumping into something that
your
question has And of course also to
criticize the new ethical code of
mediaset
D advertising can come out with everything in
hand nothing is a joy a
joy so easy to work without being
given a list of staff we live we want freedom well then there you have the answer and the second and the truth is that Belén Esteban seems eager to take out the machine gun against her former bosses Alejandra Rubio has been harshly criticized by Jesús Manuel Ruiz in an article in which he has not let her
breathe It seems that Alejandra Rubio would
not be very comfortable working on the
party program that according to Jesús Manuel
is becoming another sálvame
like  for example yes I would be like
that in life in the afternoon more of her
thing Carmen Borrego also
feels comfortable there And it's that in the
party program Well all the rest of her colleagues
that she has well they don't stop questioning her
and airing the dirty laundry in her
face The new format of
mandarina TV is confirmed That will do the Sálvame de
Luz on Friday nights you know
that Tele5 well continues fighting trying to
have ideas to cover
Friday nights as it did before And I
one thing I wonder is if you
want to cover Friday nights
Why are you removing Sálvame in the end they
want to get back the afternoon of gossip They
want to put on Friday nights
of gossip eh Why are you touching anything if it was
already working But well Friday will be
the program presented by Santi Acosta
and Beatriz Archidona who has had her
contract protected so that she can be in
this project and well family here we are
leaving today's video I hope you
liked it you know that we will
see each other Tonight at 99:30 already  You know
that we see each other every
night and every day here giving
news as much as we can and more.
Thank you very much because we are more than
3000 members on this channel. If you want to
become a member, there is a button next to the
subscribe button that says join, it's
a little coffee a month and I thank you very much.
Okay, from the bottom of my heart, that helps
a lot. See you in the next
video. Bye
[Music]
Bye